# Our promise to always protect your data

Hoodratz is built and operated as a privacy-first company. We make money from paying customers, so there’s no need to sell, rent or give away any personal data from customers. Fundamental to our software is also the idea that data in aggregate is as useful as specific personal data.

We only ask for personal information when we actually need it—like our payment form. We use fair and lawful means to collect it, and only with your knowledge and consent.

The only third parties that we share data with are secure and we only share what’s required:

- Stripe, for third-party secure payment processing. We do not store or collect any of your payment card details.
- Amazon Web Services (SES & S3), for transactional and account-related emails & data storage. These emails are critical to the maintenance and continued use of your account, and we sent these sparingly. The storage is integral.
- Fathom Analytics, for our website analytics, which doesn’t use cookies and complies with the GDPR, ePrivacy (including PECR), COPPA and CCPA. The purpose of using this software is to understand our website traffic in the most privacy-friendly way possible so that we can continually improve our website and business.

### Effective date: July 13, 2021

Hoodratz, Inc. ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://hoodratz.io website (hereinafter referred to as the "Service"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.

We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://hoodratz.io

# Definitions

- Service: service is the https://meema.io website operated by Hoodratz, Inc.
- Personal Data: "personal data" means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data points (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
- Usage Data: usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
- Cookies: cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
- Data Controller: data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
- Data Processors (or Service Providers): data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
- Data Subject (or User): data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.

# Information Collection and Use

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

# Personal Data

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

- Email address
- First name and last name
- Phone number
- Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
- Non-personally identifiable personal data for usage

# Usage Data

We do not collect information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser version, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. All data collected is aggregate data without personal information (this is the whole reason Hoodratz exists).

# Location Data

We do not use and store information about your location except for country of origin (we do not track IP address or anything more granular than country.

# Tracking & Cookies Data

We do not use cookies and store data by using multiple, unrelated complex hashes to track visits to our site and pages on it. You can read about how we collect data here.

# Use of Data

Hoodratz, Inc. uses the collected data for various purposes:

- To provide and maintain our Service
- To notify you about changes to our Service
- To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
- To provide customer support
- To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
- To monitor the usage of our Service
- To detect, prevent and address technical issues
- To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information

Where we have your consent, we may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or the instructions provided in any email we send.

# Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Hoodratz, Inc. legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.

Hoodratz, Inc. may process your Personal Data because:

- We need to perform a contract with you
- You have given us permission to do so
- The processing is in our legitimate interests and it is not overridden by your rights
- For payment processing purposes
- To comply with the law

# Retention of Data

Hoodratz, Inc. will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

Hoodratz, Inc. will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer periods.

# Transfer of Data

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside North America and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to North America and process it there.

Hoodratz, Inc. will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

# Disclosure for Law Enforcement

Under certain circumstances, Hoodratz, Inc. may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

# Legal Requirements

Hoodratz, Inc. may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

- To comply with a legal obligation
- To protect and defend the rights or property of Hoodratz, Inc.
- To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
- To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
- To protect against legal liability

# Security of Data

The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee it’s absolute security.

# Your Data Protection Rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Conva Ventures Inc. aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your Personal Data.

If you wish to be informed about what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.

In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:

- The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
- The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
- The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
- The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
- The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
- The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Conva Ventures Inc. relied on your consent to process your personal information.

Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.

You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).

# Service Providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

# Links to Other Sites

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

# Children’s Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our infrastructure.

# Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

# Contact Us

Hoodratz, Inc. 12665 Village Ln, Unit 2306, Playa Vista, CA 90094

**Questions? Let’s talk**

<style scoped lang="postcss">
.markdown-body {
    @apply text-lg
}
h1 {
    @apply text-white text-3xl font-bold my-4;
}
p {
    @apply my-8;
}
ul {
    @apply list-disc;
}
ul li {
    @apply my-2;
}
</style>
